toDo:
1.	Rename variable names
2.	Create a Character model
    a.	Picture
    b.	Name
    c.	Anime
    d.	Voiced by
    e.	addedBy
    f.	createdBy
3.	Add fields to animes
    a.	Picture
    b.	Title
    c.	Rating
    d.	Genre
    e.	Description
    f.	mainCharacter
    i.	make a create character component and have it be inline during the anime creation
    g.	voiceActor (limit to 1, only MC)
    h.	addedBy
    i.	ratedBy (not displayed, just stored to prevent users from re-rating)
    j.	comments
4.	Add fields to user
    a.	Profile picture
    b.	Username
    c.	email
    d.	Favorites array of animes (limit to 5? Or 10?)
    e.	Favorite voice actor (single voice actor)
    f.	Favorite genre (drop down selection?)
5.	Add fields to voice actor
    a.	Name
    b.	Rating
    c.	Country of origin
    d.	Animes (array of animes they’re involved in)
    e.	addedBy
    f.	comments
6.	Npm install
7.	Npm install dotenv
8.	Port for backend: 3000
9.	Port for frontend: 4000
10.	Mongodb_URI (copy from other project and change database name from “anime” or “animes” to something else (anime-database)
11.	Add a “secret” variable
12.	Run the website
13.	Check connection to Atlas
14.	Add CREATE functionality
    a.	For Anime
    b.	For Voice Actor (have them be able to select the anime from the array of animes on the site)
    c.	For character
15.	Add a “voice actor” component
    a.	Display voice actor’s info, added by:user, and the first 3 anime in their anime array
    b.	Wrap the animes in links so that they are clickable links that direct you to the anime details page
16.	Create a “character details” page
17.	Create a “all voice actors” page
18.	Create a “voice actor details” page
    a.	Display the voice actors information, and the top 3 rated animes they worked on
19.	Add a “anime details” display
    a.	Change up projectdetailspage
    b.	Display the anime’s information, then underneath it, the main voice actor
    c.	Wrap the main voice actor in a link that links them to the voice actor detail page
20.	Add EDIT functionality
    a.	For animes
    b.	For voice actors
    c.	For users
21.	Add a user profile page on front end
22.	Add user profile page to backend routes
23.	Add DELETE functionality
    a.	For animes
    b.	For voice actors
    c.	For users
24.	Add FAVORITE functionality
    a.	User can add animes to their favorites
25.	Add RATING functionality
    a.	User can rate the anime with a number input
    b.	User can only rate once
26.	Add Comments
    a.	Comments on Anime
    b.	Comments on Voice Actor
27.	Add a sort function to the animes display page
28.	Add a search function to the animes display page
29.	Add a search function to the “all voice actors” page
30.	Add a sort function to the “all voice actors” page
31.	Add 1 user to the website using the signup page
32.	Update middleware so that the user is only able to edit the anime(s) he’s contributed
33.	Update middleware so that the user is only able to rate once
34.	Update middleware so that only authenticated users can comment
35.	Update middleware so that only the user that created the anime can delete it
36.	Update middleware so that only the user that created the voiceactor can delete it
37.	Add 10 animes to the database with pictures
    a.	Make sure to add the MCs to the anime and voiceactor
38.	Test favoriting function
39.	Test rating function
40.	Test editing anime function
41.	Test delete anime function
42.	Create a second user
43.	Test all the middleware
44.	Logout
45.	Test all the middleware (make certain pages private, but let the “all animes” page be public)
46.	Add a background picture to the homepage
47.	Add anime quotes to the homepage
48.	Add “highest rated anime” to the homepage
49.	Homepage navbar
    a.	Signup, login, all animes, all voice actors should be publicly available
    b.	Once logged in, all animes, all voice actors, create anime, create voice actor, create character should be available
50.	Style the hell out of the website
